README.md, before:

# STD5 - Post Production Studio Website

A modern, high-performance website for STD5, a leading post-production studio in Istanbul, Turkey. Built with Next.js 15, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- **Modern Design**: Netflix-inspired hero section with dynamic mosaic background
- **Performance Optimized**: Built with Next.js 15 and optimized for speed
- **Responsive**: Fully responsive design that works on all devices
- **SEO Optimized**: Comprehensive metadata and structured data
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliant with proper ARIA labels
- **Animation**: Smooth animations using Framer Motion
- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript implementation

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Utilities**: clsx, tailwind-merge
- **Build Tool**: Turbopack (development)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server with Turbopack
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

```
std5.net/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── components/         # Reusable components
│   ├── constants/          # Application constants
│   ├── utils/              # Utility functions
│   ├── globals.css         # Global styles
│   └── layout.tsx          # Root layout
├── data/                   # Static data (JSON files)
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── types/                  # TypeScript type definitions
└── package.json
```

## Key Components

### MosaicBackground
A dynamic canvas-based mosaic background that displays project images in a Netflix-style grid. Features:
- Seeded random generation for consistent layouts
- Image loading with fallbacks
- Performance optimized with memoization
- Responsive design

### Header
A responsive navigation header with:
- Smooth scroll effects
- Mobile menu with animations
- Active page indicators
- Glass morphism effects

### Service Cards
Interactive service cards showcasing STD5's offerings with:
- Hover animations
- Icon integration
- Consistent styling

## Performance Optimizations

- **Image Optimization**: Next.js Image component with proper sizing
- **Code Splitting**: Automatic route-based code splitting
- **Memoization**: React.memo for expensive components
- **Lazy Loading**: Images and components loaded on demand
- **Bundle Optimization**: Tree shaking and dead code elimination

## Configuration

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env.local` file:

```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL=https://your-domain.com
```

### Tailwind Configuration

The project uses Tailwind CSS v4 with custom theme colors defined in `globals.css`:

```css
:root {
  --std5-primary: #430086;
  --std5-accent: #8b5cf6;
  --std5-dark: #0f0f23;
  --std5-darker: #0a0a1a;
}
```

## Responsive Design

The website is fully responsive with breakpoints:
- Mobile: < 768px
- Tablet: 768px - 1024px
- Desktop: > 1024px

## Animations

Smooth animations powered by Framer Motion:
- Page transitions
- Component entrance animations
- Hover effects
- Loading states

## SEO Features

- Dynamic metadata generation
- Open Graph tags
- Twitter Card support
- Structured data
- Sitemap generation
- Robots.txt

## Acknowledgments

- Built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- Styled with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- Animated with [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- Icons from [Lucide](https://lucide.dev/)

Commit message:

Update package.json and package-lock.json to include jsonwebtoken and its types, enhance README with detailed admin panel features, and update crew.json and works.json with new crew members and project entries for improved content management.

README.md, after:

# STD5 - Post Production Studio Website

A modern, high-performance website for STD5, a leading post-production studio in Istanbul, Turkey. Built with Next.js 15, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- **Modern Design**: Netflix-inspired hero section with dynamic mosaic background
- **Performance Optimized**: Built with Next.js 15 and optimized for speed
- **Responsive**: Fully responsive design that works on all devices
- **SEO Optimized**: Comprehensive metadata and structured data
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliant with proper ARIA labels
- **Animation**: Smooth animations using Framer Motion
- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript implementation

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Utilities**: clsx, tailwind-merge
- **Build Tool**: Turbopack (development)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server with Turbopack
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

```
std5.net/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── components/         # Reusable components
│   ├── constants/          # Application constants
│   ├── utils/              # Utility functions
│   ├── globals.css         # Global styles
│   └── layout.tsx          # Root layout
├── data/                   # Static data (JSON files)
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── types/                  # TypeScript type definitions
└── package.json
```

## Key Components

### MosaicBackground
A dynamic canvas-based mosaic background that displays project images in a Netflix-style grid. Features:
- Seeded random generation for consistent layouts
- Image loading with fallbacks
- Performance optimized with memoization
- Responsive design

### Header
A responsive navigation header with:
- Smooth scroll effects
- Mobile menu with animations
- Active page indicators
- Glass morphism effects

### Service Cards
Interactive service cards showcasing STD5's offerings with:
- Hover animations
- Icon integration
- Consistent styling

## Performance Optimizations

- **Image Optimization**: Next.js Image component with proper sizing
- **Code Splitting**: Automatic route-based code splitting
- **Memoization**: React.memo for expensive components
- **Lazy Loading**: Images and components loaded on demand
- **Bundle Optimization**: Tree shaking and dead code elimination

## Configuration

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env.local` file:

```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_BASE_URL=https://your-domain.com
```

### Tailwind Configuration

The project uses Tailwind CSS v4 with custom theme colors defined in `globals.css`:

```css
:root {
  --std5-primary: #430086;
  --std5-accent: #8b5cf6;
  --std5-dark: #0f0f23;
  --std5-darker: #0a0a1a;
}
```

## Responsive Design

The website is fully responsive with breakpoints:
- Mobile: < 768px
- Tablet: 768px - 1024px
- Desktop: > 1024px

## Animations

Smooth animations powered by Framer Motion:
- Page transitions
- Component entrance animations
- Hover effects
- Loading states

## SEO Features

- Dynamic metadata generation
- Open Graph tags
- Twitter Card support
- Structured data
- Sitemap generation
- Robots.txt

## Admin Panel & Content Management

### Admin Login
- Accessible via /admin/login
- JWT-based session management

### Dashboard
- Content management panel at /admin/dashboard
- Full CRUD operations for Projects (works) and Crew Members (crew) tabs
- Image upload support (JPEG/PNG) for projects and crew members
- PDF CV upload support for crew members
- Uploaded images and CVs are automatically saved to the appropriate directory
- Automatic placeholder is shown if an image fails to load

### API Endpoints
- /api/admin/works: Project CRUD operations (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE)
- /api/admin/crew: Crew member CRUD operations (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE)
- /api/admin/upload: Image and file upload (POST)
- /api/auth/login: Admin login (POST)

### Usage Notes
- Admin panel access requires login
- When uploading images, you can use either a file name or a full path; the system will automatically resolve the correct path
- If an image is missing or broken, a default placeholder icon will be displayed

## Acknowledgments

- Built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- Styled with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- Animated with [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- Icons from [Lucide](https://lucide.dev/)
